Edu 6799 updadte products names guides en part 2 (#1873)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/guides/create-button/create-button.mdx

3. Select the option you want to use:
- **Recommended**: explore some recommended options, including templates. 
- **Templates**: select a pre-designed project with default configurations and streamline the process of creating applications. You can find templates in commonly used frameworks. Get to know more about [Azion Templates](/en/documentation/products/marketplace/templates/).

> - **Resources**: create or add applications and other resources such as domains, variables, **functions**, edge services, **digital certificates**, and more. Read more about [building with Azion](/en/documentation/products/guides/build/overview/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Resources**: create or add applications and other resources such as domains, variables, **functions**, edge services, **certificate manager**, and more. Read more about [building with Azion](/en/documentation/products/guides/build/overview/).
```
